A simple application that help end-user to store a password of any website. App name is called **Passkper**. 

**Iteration 1**

- You have to develop an application which has minimal function such as insert a website name, URL, username, and password as input. Click on save button will persist the record in local database or server.

- App has home screen where you can list out all persisted record in list. click on it will redirect in detail screen.
In detail screen would allow user to show the password. By default password is hide. There is one button to right of field that would allow user to hide/show the password data.

-When app open it will show a screen that has list/recyclerview with the stored records.Click on any item will open next screen with details for that particular record.

-In home screen top right corner there is button [+] that will open new screen for create a new record. CLick on save button will save the data and refresh the list of items.


**Iteration 2**
- In next iteration we can give an option of categories the records. App would allow to create an category and save a recrod inside any specific category. 

- When user open the app it will show the recyclerview/grid layout with the list of cateogry and numbers of recrods from server or local database. Click on any cateogry will redirect on list of records and click on any item will open the details for that particular item.

- Here we can give an option for edit the record click on edit button would allow a user for modify the record then click on save button will update that record either in local database or remote server.

**Iteration 3**
- Commincate with remove server and implement the sysncronization feature. App use can loggin in multiple device and can sync the record with remote saved database.
